Q0. Please answer the following questions in your own words.

1. What makes a model "linear"? "Linear" in what?

A model is linear when the independent variable(s) and the dependent variable has a straight-line relationship. 
Linear models have a slope between variables remain consistent even if the input changes.
A model is linear in the coefficients rather than the variable.   

2. How do you interpret the coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable? (This is a trick question, and the trick involves how you handle the intercept of the model.) There's further explanation at the end of this document, if needed.

Coefficients for a dummy variable can't be interpreted when all categories (dummy variables) and intercept are included.
This is because the model would have perfect multicollinearity meaning the variables are redundant.
To avoid this and interpret the coefficient, a dummy variable must be dropped and becomes a refrence category. 
The category is captured in the intercept.

3. Can linear regression be used for classification? Explain why, or why not.

Yes linear regression can be used for classification, but it's not the best idea because the model can predict values that are outside of the probability range.
These models are meant to predict continuous values (like house prices), meaning the result could output any real number rather than just 1 or 0.
Values output are continuous and don't output discrete labels. 

4. If you have a high accuracy on testing but low on testing, what might be the problem? It also might be you see a pattern in the residuals.

I assume the question is asking about high accuracy on training. 
In this case the problem is overfitting, the model could be too complex for the amount of the data meaning the training set is being memorized. 
If there is a pattern in the residuals (which is the difference between predicted and actual values) this is also a sig the data is too complex.    

5. Review this page: Non-Linear with Linear What are two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between your target/response/dependent/outcome variable 
and your features/control/response/independent variables ?

Two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships the target variable and the features is by using polynomial feature expansion and also use a kernel.
Kernes create a higher-dimensional space and polynomial expansion creates features by raising features that exist to powers.

6. What is the interpretation of the intercept? A slope coefficient for a variable? The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

The intercept (B0) is the mean of Y when the predicters are equal to 0.
The slope is the predicted change in the mean of Y for every unit increase in X.
The coefficient for a dummy variable predicts is the avergae difference in Y between the group that the dummy variable represents and the reference group (when dummy is 0). 
